v0.28: API key updates (#1738)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/security/master_api_keys.md

Meilisearch gives you fine-grained control over which users can access which indexes, endpoints, and routes. When protecting your instance with a master key, you can ensure only authorized users can carry out sensitive tasks such as adding documents or altering index settings.

You can access the [`/keys` route](/reference/api/keys.md) using the master key or an API key with access to the `keys.get`, `keys.create`, `keys.update`, or `keys.delete` actions. This `/keys` route allows you to [create](#creating-an-api-key), [update](#updating-an-api-key), [list](#listing-api-keys), and [delete](#deleting-an-api-key) API keys.

Though the default API keys are usually enough to manage the security needs of most applications, this might not be the case when dealing with privacy-sensitive data. In these situations, the fine-grained control offered by the `/keys` endpoint allows you to clearly decide who can access what information and for how long.

The [`key`](/reference/api/keys.md#key) field is generated by hashing the master key and the [`uid`](/reference/api/keys.md#uid):

> ```bash
> echo -n $HYPHENATED_UUID | openssl dgst -sha256 -hmac $MASTER_KEY
> ```
> 
> As a result, `key` values are deterministic between instances sharing the same configuration. Since the `key` field depends on the master key, it is not propagated to dumps and snapshots. If a malicious user ever gets access to your dumps or snapshots, they will not have access to your instance's API keys.
> 
> This is also useful in continuous deployment processes as you know the value of the `key` field in advance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, `key` values are deterministic between instances sharing the same configuration. Since the `key` field depends on the master key, it is not propagated to dumps and snapshots. If a malicious user ever gets access to your dumps or snapshots, they will not have access to your instance's API keys.

It is therefore possible to determine the value of the `key` field by using the following command.

```bash
echo -n $HYPHENATED_UUID | openssl dgst -sha256 -hmac $MASTER_KEY
```

This is also useful in continuous deployment processes as you know the value of the `key` field in advance.
```

Reviewer: I don't know why but the suggestion is broken on my github preview..

You can use the [list keys endpoint](/reference/api/keys.md) to obtain information on any active key in your Meilisearch instance. This is useful when you need an overview of existing keys and their permissions.

> [`GET /keys`](/reference/api/keys.md#get-all-keys) returns a full list of all existing keys. **Expired keys will appear in the response, but deleted keys will not**. As with creating, deleting, and updating API keys, you either need the master key or an API key with the `keys.get` action to access this endpoint.

Reviewer: By default, the endpoint now returns the 20 last API Keys created. "returns a full list of all existing keys" does not seem clear here IMO.

> By default, [`GET /keys`](/reference/api/keys.md#get-all-keys) returns the most recently created 20 keys. You can change this using the [`limit`](/reference/api/keys.md#get-all-keys) query parameter. **Expired keys will appear in the response, but deleted keys will not**. As with creating, deleting, and updating API keys, you either need the master key or an API key with the `keys.get` action to access this endpoint.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be "the 20 most recently created keys" instead of "the most recently created 20 keys"?

```suggestion
By default, [`GET /keys`](/reference/api/keys.md#get-all-keys) returns the 20 most recently created keys. You can change this using the [`limit`](/reference/api/keys.md#get-all-keys) query parameter. **Expired keys will appear in the response, but deleted keys will not**. As with creating, deleting, and updating API keys, you either need the master key or an API key with the `keys.get` action to access this endpoint.
```

Author: I knew that sentence sounded funny

{
  "results": [
    {
      "name": "Default Search API Key",

>       "description": "Default Search API Key",

Reviewer 2: This changed a bit too (ref: https://github.com/meilisearch/specifications/pull/148/files#diff-efbeaa05fe855150edfa47dc218874a3d03dda4000c79375238288abd551694aR77}.

```suggestion
      "description": "Use it to search from the frontend",
```

      "key": "d0552b41536279a0ad88bd595327b96f01176a60c2243e906c52ac02375f9bc4",
      "uid":"74c9c733-3368-4738-bbe5-1d18a5fecb37",
      "actions": [
        "search"
      ],
      "indexes": [
        "*"
      ],
      "expiresAt": null,
      "createdAt": "2022-01-01T10:00:00Z",
      "updatedAt": "2022-01-01T10:00:00Z"
    },
    {
      "name": "Default Admin API Key",

>       "description": "Default Admin API Key (Use it for all other operations. Caution! Do not share it on the client side)",

Reviewer 2: I think the description for the default API keys changed _slightly_ (ref: https://github.com/meilisearch/specifications/pull/148/files#diff-efbeaa05fe855150edfa47dc218874a3d03dda4000c79375238288abd551694aR101).

```suggestion
      "description": "Use it for all other than search operations. Caution! Do not expose it on a public frontend", 
```
